Adding limitation (#7898)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/mesh/iceberg/snowflake-iceberg-support.md

The syncing experience will be different depending on the catalog you choose. Some catalogs are automatically refreshed, and you can set parameters to do so with your catalog integration. Other catalogs might require a separate job to manage the metadata sync. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

### Limitations

You should be aware of these limitations to the implementation:

> -  Using Iceberg tables with dbt, the result is that your query is materialized in Iceberg. However, often, dbt creates intermediary objects as temporary and transient tables for certain materializations, such as incremental ones. It is not possible to configure these temporary objects also to be Iceberg-formatted. You may see non-Iceberg tables created in the logs to support specific materializations, but they will be dropped after usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  When you use Iceberg tables with dbt, your query is materialized in Iceberg. However, dbt often creates intermediary objects as temporary and transient tables for certain materializations, such as incremental ones. It is not possible to configure these temporary objects to be Iceberg-formatted. You may see non-Iceberg tables created in the logs to support specific materializations, but they will be dropped after usage.
```

- You cannot incrementally update a pre-existing incremental model to be an Iceberg table. To do so, you must fully rebuild the table with the `--full-refresh` flag.

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt to run a similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Reviewer 2: Think "This forced dbt to run a similar" should read "This forced dbt to run a command similar"

Author: Yes my bad!

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt to run a similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Author: ```suggestion
- As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):
```

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Reviewer 3: I don't see this called out but this is just for 1.9 so this should only show up the user if they're on the 1.9 docs. We removed this expensive query in 1.10 (as well as the behavior flag).

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Author: ```suggestion
- As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt (v1.9) to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):
```

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt v1.9 to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Author: ```suggestion
  - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt v1.9 to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):
```

> - As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt (v1.9) to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):

Author: ```suggestion
- As of Snowflake change bundle `2025-01`, the `SHOW TABLES` command does not include the `is_iceberg` column in its output. This forced dbt v1.9 to run a command similar to the following query for all the models in the dbt project (regardless of whether they're configured as `iceberg` models):
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: I suggest indenting lines 317–326 so that they appear under the bullet point in line 315 when rendered.
